1. The file doesn't compile because xr is a reference variable made through the syntax 'int&', and reference variables must always be 
declared and initialized before being passed as a reference for x.

2. The function onePlus() increments the value passed to it as an argument (as a copy) by 1, however, the function doesn't return 
anything, so the incremented value stays within the function and isn't returned to main. Since, the variables as passed by value and not 
by reference, changes made to the value in the function won't affect the value in main.

3. In the function refIncrement(), the argument is being passed as a reference and not as a copy. So the value being passed over as the
argument has same address as the value in the main. So, changing the value at a reference changes the value for everything that was 
initialized at that reference no matter the scope. 

4. The function value() is taking in a string reference and will return a integer reference. It first loops through all the pairs in 
the vector, if pair.name matches the string, then the reference to the val is returned. If it doesn't find a match, it creates a new pair
with name = s and val = 0, pushes it to the vector, and returns the reference to its val. Ex: if you called value("apple") = 42, then 
it'll find "apple" in the vector and change it's val to 42 since val's reference will ve returned from the function. 

5. The value() function receives a string reference of a string that was passed in main. The const means that the argument is immutable 
and it cannot be changed after its been initialized.

6. The value() function returns a reference to the pair's val. Since the function returns a reference to an element inside a global vector, 
it’s legal. The ++ operator to its return value takes the returned val of the pair which is a reference and increases the val by 1. 
So, if the argument we passed didn't exist, the function will return {s, 0} and incrementing that will change the val to {s, 1}.